the absolute the car one more question to
You, my young sportsman who likes to
spending and investing in the car since
a sports air filter people me
question about the advantages of the
following dust that has already been
sports here the wonderful metal
to see the look in with the car
right through them come here
a left and from it you can create
metallic
he does not have the same meal as
I have to go through naturally.
put what happens to the air filter
that you need
in Sao Paulo once a week you go
having to dismantle him from the car will have
to take and went there to wash with water
chain of now if you want as a
sports filter because the car will
gain more car power to stay
more economical and remembered the following
he does not have the same ability to
filtering film're sunbathing you have
to be careful this is that you put
I 'm going to bake coffee with that
nylon and I will have the same result as
with coffee with paper filters
No, it's not 100 percent like that.
then the tip will put the future
sport that you think is beautiful or
Why are you going to give more and run more?
power
It's not really like that, so my tip is
focus of the sporting day that a
once a week you will have to disassemble it
and wash it then you have to filter the
air that this huge plastic box
that to you see you will make a
there are kits already
adapt
you have to leave in a way one
tool or system for you to
remove the filter
I'm wise before I say the word.
Good, but you're going to end up having a
premature wear of mechanical parts
caused by solid particles
stay there get into friction confession
involving more rt liquid are reminiscent
Another thing when I paint daily
sports bill dirt beyond this
decrease of solid particles
you will also have a restriction on
stock air intake consumes as shooting
bad performance and to get worse will pull the
crankcase gases because the gib diary
greater resistance to the emission
external daily
You'll finish the engine, it ends up kicking.
crankcase gases and do not even touch
embedded oil arising butterfly
sticking to the head that are in vogue in
valves then sports filter or
original filter recalls
Do you care for love or do you care for
by the pain and at the time it 's ok not sports
goes that in some cards there and the
magazine it in place because you have to
wash the name of the week
Are you going to have headaches? Okay, I'll go.
dating guy is not the same but for some
cars and trucks looks great more
You already know how good and good santa became.
three tips for you to have fun
then our next video I ask
that you give a like
I ask you to share on facebook
I ask you to take good care of your car.
remembering the sports air filter or
conventional
if you take good care of within the economy
You will take care of the environment.
you will have several advantages you do not
take care I'll see you soon at the pool
spending a grille on the floor